{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The following is a list of keywords used in the search conducted in the Jupyter notebook. \
\
Keywords:\
Medicine\
Therapy\
Treatment\
Recovery \
Drug\
Prescribed \
Diagnosed \
BPD \
Borderline \
\
The above keywords were searched for in the subreddit /r/bpd .\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0  A list of posts [and their attributes: title, created_utc (time of post), selftext (post text), author,\
author_flair_text, is_original_content, id (post id), score, num_comments (number of comments), and url related to these keywords were put into a data frame that was exported to a CSV file with the name: \'93.._search.csv.\'94 For each of these posts the comments (and the author and the ID of the corresponding post) were collected in a concatenated data frame that was also exported to a CSV file with the name: \'93..comments.csv.\'94 So, there are two CSV files in all for each keyword. One lists the posts and attributes of those posts related to the keyword while the other lists the comments of each of the posts, the author, and the ID of the corresponding post. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
The Jupyter notebook is a generalized account of various searches in addition to the ones mentioned here that were conducted to produce various csv files of Reddit posts and comments. The Jupyter notebook explains the methods implemented to acquire the data in the csv files.    \
\
Also, its very possible the recovery_comments.csv file may appear distorted if you try to view it using Jupyter notebooks. If you download the file and view directly, it should appear normal and readable. \}}