{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In this folder the following are done:\
\
Loading and Cleaning Data \
1. Two csv files are loaded in. One contains a list of posts scraped from r/BPD and the other contains comments on those posts. \
2. This data is reformatted and cleaned by: (1) dropping all authors who have no user name - the thought process behind this is that we can\'92t differentiate between comments belonging to these authors who are all anonymous, (2) cleaning the text of extra characters, (3) combining the post text, title, and author flair as its own singular comment, (4) for each author who has more than one comment we concatenate all of their comments together to create one single comment per each author, (5) dropping empty or removed comments though there were none in this case. It did not make sense to combine post and comments in any other way to me considering we are interested in each individuals own personal information. \
3. Various functions are developed to assign numerical values to the cleaned text. There are several groups or categories of functions. Here are those categories: diagnosis , therapies, drugs, overall treatment, sentiment, general feeling about their treatment, and relevancy of the comment. The three variables that we study further produced by these functions are: Relevancy (how relevant is the post), Treatment (user is in treatment or not), and Recommendation (user recommends their treatment or not). Here is a summary of the functions created for each category: \
A. Diagnosis: \
[1] we count the number of times a comment states their status as having bpd as well as comorbid diagnoses of depression, ptsd, and bipolar disorder. We only checked for three other illnesses for the sake of brevity. \
[2] We create a diagnosis score which is the sum of the previous mentioned phrases. \
[3] We classify the diagnosis as indeterminate, bpd, or bpd and one or more of the other illnesses \
B. Therapies:\
[1] We count the number of times a therapy from a cvs generated list of therapies appears. \
[2] We create a list of the mentioned therapies in each comment. \
C. Drugs:\
[1] We create a list of drugs mentioned in a user\'92s post that are categorized by an NER that can identify drug names. \
[2] We create a secondary list of drugs mentioned in a user\'92s post that appear in an extensive filing listing drug names. We have two lists because it became apparent the NER did not recognize all the drugs that users mentioned. \
[3] We create a drug score which adds up the number of drugs mentioned in a user\'92s post. \
D. Treatment:\
[1] We create a treatment score which is a binary variable: if the user mentioned any kind of drug or therapy, they were given a one. If not, they were given a zero. \
[2] We categorized users into those receiving treatment and those not receiving treatment. \
E. General Feeling on Treatment:\
[1] A sentiment score is generated for each user\'92s post. This is a \'91compound\'92 feeling that a sentiment analysis deduces. With -1 being negative, 0 being neutral, and 1 being positive. \
[2] A recommendation score is generated for each user\'92s post. This is a binary variable where the user is given a one if they are both receiving treatment and also have a sentiment score of at least 0.5. If either fails to be true, they are assigned a zero. \
[3] We classify users posts as they would recommend their treatment or not. \
F. Relevancy:\
[1] A keyword score is generated. Each user\'92s comment is checked to see if they used any terms from a keyword csv file. The score is the sum of the times a word appears. \
[2] A relevancy score is created. This value can be 4 - highly relevant, 3- very relevant, 2-relevant, 1 - minimally relevant, 0 - not relevant. The score depends on whether the keyword score, drug score, therapy score, and diagnosis score are nonzero or not. \
[3] We classify the users posts as: highly relevant, very relevant, relevant,  minimally relevant,  or not relevant. \
The data frame generated by cleaning the text and adding on these classification and numerical values is stored in a csv file called \'93enumerated_scraped_comments.csv\'94. \
\
\
Exploratory Data Analysis\
1. A word cloud is generated with the cleaned and enumerated data frame of comments\
2. Various bar graphs and histograms are created to explore the numerical values assigned by the functions developed previously. \
\
\
Modeling \
1. The modeling and classifying techniques utilized were: Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Tree, and Random Forest. \
2. The cleaned comments were vectorized and examined in accordance with variables: Relevancy (how relevant is the post), Treatment (user is in treatment or not), and Recommendation (user recommends their treatment or not).\
3. All models performed reasonably with Decision Tree, SVM, and Random Forest receiving the highest scores and Naive Bays receiving the lowest. \
}